# Fill in, commit and push each day.

Oct 6, 2016
	Yesterday : 
		I completed the initial JugPuzzle Model classes
		N/A
	
	Today     : Add Scrum framework documents to project. Proofread 
		        and post the assignment. Send message to all students
		        about the availability of the assignment.
		        Read the assignment description and understood what was required
		        Make a very simple layout with all the required buttons for the GUI layout.
	
	Obstacles : Figuring out how everything works and what is required to submit daily

Oct 7, 2016
	Yesterday : Made a basic GUI model with buttons that are mapped to nothing 
	Today     : Tried mapping the buttons to jugs but failed
	Obstacles :	Trying to figure out how the buttons connect to the jugs
	 
Oct 8, 2016
	Yesterday : Failed to map the buttons to jugs and make moves available
	Today     : Made button clicks register, need to make the options change between clicks
	Obstacles : Trying to make button clicks pop up because there were many suggested ways online
	
Oct 9, 2016
	Yesterday : Made button clicks register, need to make the options change between clicks
	Today     : Took a break
	Obstacles :
	
Oct 10, 2016
	Yesterday : Took a break
	Today     : Made the jug buttons work
	Obstacles : Having to figure out how to spill from any jug into other jugs, only got how to pour into any jug
	
Oct 11, 2016
	Yesterday : Made the jug buttons work
	Today     : Took a break
	Obstacles :
	
Oct 12, 2016
	Yesterday : Took a break
	Today     : Made the # of moves show up and made the jugs be visible. Created a restart and quit button.
				Also made the jugs do proper moves, however does not display on the GUI correctly.
	Obstacles : Getting the Observers to work, still yet to have them update the GUI model
	
Oct 13, 2016
	Yesterday : Made the # of moves show up and made the jugs be visible. Created a restart and quit button.
				Also made the jugs do proper moves, however does not display on the GUI correctly.
	Today     : Took a break
	Obstacles :
	
Oct 14, 2016
	Yesterday :Took a break
	Today     : Got everything up and running except for ending the game when the user wins. All views have been added
	Obstacles : Figuring out how the views work and how to implement them
	
Oct 15, 2016
	Yesterday : Got everything up and running except for ending the game when the user wins. All views have been added
	Today     : Commit and push by tonight at midnight for on time submission. Made sure program notifies user when 
				they have won the game. When they win the game, the program does not allow the user to make any new moves.
	Obstacles : Figuring out how to disable buttons. 

Oct 16, 2016
	Yesterday :
	Today     : 
	Obstacles :
	
Oct 17, 2016
	Yesterday :
	Today     : Commit and push by tonight at midnight for late submission.
	Obstacles :
