# Fill in, commit and push each day.

Oct 6, 2016
	Yesterday : 
		I completed the initial JugPuzzle Model classes
	
	Today     : Add Scrum framework documents to project. Proof read 
		        and post the assignment. Send message to all students
		        about the availability of the assignment.
	
	Obstacles : 

Oct 7, 2016
	Yesterday : Created GUIController class and updated some of the files
				related to Scrum.
	Today     : Understanding classes structures and how they will be related
				to one another.
	Obstacles : Having a bit of difficulty grasping the assignment requirements
				and how to implement said requirements.
	
Oct 8, 2016
	Yesterday : Trying to understand classes needed for the project as 
				well as how to make the GUI function
	Today     : Completing a few user stories, get a working basic working GUI
				possibly get a much better looking GUI as well. 
	Obstacles : Understanding the structure of files and how they connect to
				each other.
	
Oct 9, 2016
	Yesterday : Completed user stories for sprint 1. Got a much better GUI
				working, although game didn't fully function.
	Today     : GUI looking good, completed GUI although functionality is not complete 
	Obstacles : MVC is giving me some trouble currently, understanding how Observers and
				Observable's work. Some JPanel painting functionality is not working and 
				slowing down completion.
	
Oct 10, 2016
	Yesterday : Completed Sprint 1 user stories.
	Today     : Implemented classes and such for proper MVC functionality.
	Obstacles : Making the GUI look better than a basic GUI using the MVC implemntation.
	
Oct 11, 2016
	Yesterday : Implemented proper MVC design.
	Today     : Tried to fix GUI problems and allow for game won screen to work.
	Obstacles : Having a tough time getting the GUI problems to fix, can't find 
				much help online.
	
Oct 12, 2016
	Yesterday : Worked on GUI problems to make UI work properly.
	Today     : Didn't work on anything.
	Obstacles :
	
Oct 13, 2016
	Yesterday : Didn't work on anything.
	Today     : Continued to fix GUI problems, have to complete game won screen.
	Obstacles : GUI has a lot of bugs, trying to split up the buttons and everything on
				screeb into different views.
	
Oct 14, 2016
	Yesterday : Continued to fix GUI problems to have a working game screen.
	Today     : Finished up GUI problems and worked on high score functionality
				as well as game over screen.
	Obstacles : Had some difficulty when it came to the displaying of the messages from the 
				game won screen and high score display.
	
Oct 15, 2016
	Yesterday :
	Today     : Commit and push by tonight at midnight for ontime submission.
	Obstacles :

Oct 16, 2016
	Yesterday :
	Today     : 
	Obstacles :
	
Oct 17, 2016
	Yesterday :
	Today     : Commit and push by tonight at midnight for late submission.
	Obstacles :
